Fake news doesn't work
Fake news
For my professional integrity as a journalist
It's not actually fake news.
Just know the inside information in advance
Just let you be exposed in advance
One of the first messages you know
How important is it for journalists?
But what if it's fake?
Not in case
If history hadn't changed
And those two things are happening right now.
Don't worry about the content of these two messages.
Just report it
It can definitely make you an alternative in the industry
Then say it.
The first car, the largest shareholder of Daoxiang Technology
Corporate performance is widely affected
The second Fuyao glass factory
Reached a strategic cooperation with a well-known foreign automaker
Financing nearly 10 billion
Anyway, these two pieces of news are really explosive enough.
Are you kidding me?
If these two messages are rewarded
I'm willing to sell all my property
But if this news is true
Are you sure you can have your first sip of soup?
Mr. Haoyi
If you say so
Then I trust you, Joan
Are you sure you want to publish these two news?
Can affect the skeleton
Certainly.
Xiao Zhou
You will go back to the food factory and log in to the official website of the newspaper.
Print this news
Take it to the stock market to distribute
OK, I see.
Don't miss it when you pass by
Come and see, come and get it.
Fresh inside information
Bao Lei, the boss of Maoxiang Technology, invested and took the initiative to run away
Don't raise tens of billions in the pot
What!
The largest cologne of Jiaoxiang Technology has actually withdrawn its investment
This stock has to be sold quickly.
And this medicine pot.
It actually won tens of billions of orders internationally
Gotta buy it quickly